In this project we created a snake game using the Tkinter module in Python using the VS CODE software. The game is functioning through user input, and the main goal for this game is to keep on expanding the snake by eating more food to increase your score. The snake moves through the arrow keys on the keyboard and the snake moves since our code updates the y velocity and x velocity which moves the snake on the canvas. To create the canvas we had to use the canvas.pack function to create the canvas that has our game, and with that we changed the background color. For the starting position of the snake, we placed it at the coordinates of 10,10, and for the positioning of the food we placed it at the coordinates of 5,5. To ensure that the score updates when the snake collects food we made a code block that sets the condition: if the snake’s x, y coordinate is the same as the food's x,y coordinate the score will update by adding 1. To ensure that the food spot changed on the grid we used the random. radiant function to update the food's x and y coordinates on the grid after the score was updated. Finally to create the snake and the food we used the canvas.create_rectangle for the snake and the food, which allowed us to set any color we wanted to the food and snake body which showed on the canvas. To run this code on your laptop you will first need to make sure that your laptop is capable of downloading VS: CODE as an application, for example, if you have a Macbook you would need to have your version to be at or above 10.15. Secondly, you would need to download the Python extension onto your VS: CODE application since this code was created by using Python. Thirdly you would need to import tkinter or pygame to create this code, but if you import pygame you would need to install pygame to your laptop. These are the three major steps to create this code if you would like to run it on your own laptop. 
Steps for the game itself: 
1. Decide the rows, colum and the amount of tiles you want too have. Also decide their vaules
2  Create the canvas with the length and the width of it 
3  Create snake body and food 
4 Create the codintion that detrmines which direction the snake moves in 
5. Create the score
6. Create a code for updatinng teh socre when the snake eats teh food everytime
   
